Identifying File Inclusion Vulnerabilities
File inclusions can be discovered
in the same way as directory traversals.
We must locate parameters
we can manipulate
and attempt to use them
to load arbitrary files.
However, a file inclusion
takes this one step further,
as we attempt execute the contents
of the file within the application.
We should also check these parameters
to see if they are vulnerable
to remote inclusion
by changing their values to a
URL instead of a local path.
We are less likely to
find RFI vulnerabilities
since the default configuration
for modern PHP versions
disables remote URL includes,
a key feature we need to
execute remote code.
However, we should still test for RFIs
as they are often easier
to exploit than LFIs.